feat: support docker-in-docker (#166)
erikengervall/dockest: packages/examples/docker-in-docker/README.md

# Docker in Docker Example

## Motivation

> This example will run a docker daemon inside a docker container and run jest against it.

Author: ```suggestion
This example will run a docker daemon inside a docker container and run some Dockest tests on containers started with that daemon.
```
